Fix minor grammar mistakes (#5900)
reactjs/react.dev: src/content/learn/reacting-to-input-with-state.md

<Intro>

> React manipulates the UI in a declarative way. Instead of manipulating individual pieces of the UI directly, you describe the different states that your component can be in, and switch between them in response to the user input. This is similar to how designers think about the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React provides a declarative way to manipulate the UI. Instead of manipulating individual pieces of the UI directly, you describe the different states that your component can be in, and switch between them in response to the user input. This is similar to how designers think about the UI.
```

When you design UI interactions, you probably think about how the UI *changes* in response to user actions. Consider a form that lets the user submit an answer:

> * When you type something into a form, the "Submit" button **becomes enabled.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you type something into the form, the "Submit" button **becomes enabled.**
```
